{2: ['“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”', '“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”', '“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”'], 23: ['“It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”', '“It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”', '“It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”'], 14: ['“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”', '“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”', '“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”'], 1: ['“The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.”', "“What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.”", "“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”"], 11: ['“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”', '“Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”', '“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”'], 17: ['“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”', '“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”', '“I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. ”'], 19: ["“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”", "“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”", "“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”"], 8: ['“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”', '“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”', '“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”'], 6: ['“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”', '“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”', '“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”'], 15: ['“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”', '“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”', '“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”'], 4: ["“′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.”", '“You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”', '“You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”'], 0: ['“Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!”', '“A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.”', '“... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.”'], 3: ['“Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.”', '“There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.”', '“There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.”'], 9: ["“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”", "“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”", "“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”"], 12: ["“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”", "“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”", "“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”"], 7: ['“Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.”', '“To die will be an awfully big adventure.”', '“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”'], 22: ['“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”', '“I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.”', '“I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.”'], 21: ['“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”', '“Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.”', '“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”'], 5: ['“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”', '“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”', '“I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.”'], 16: ['“One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.”', '“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.”', '“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.”'], 10: ["“A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.”", '“The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.”', '“If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.”'], 20: ['“The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”', '“The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”', '“The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”'], 18: ['“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”', "“If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.”", "“If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.”"], 13: ["“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”", "“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”", "“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”"]}
